Better `EmptyFrame` (#724)
spacetelescope/gwcs: changes/724.feature.rst

Improve the implementation of the ``EmptyFrame`` so that it can be used within GWCS
and other code without special handling. Note that in this case we will have an error

> raised whenever the user tries to use ``EmptyFrame`` with units as this violates the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the implementation of the ``EmptyFrame`` so that it can be used within GWCS
and other code without special handling. Note that now the code will raise an error whenever the user tries to use ``EmptyFrame`` with units as this violates the
```
